 ## 01-03. datetimes  
 - Fairly simple. Remember there are a few *gotchas* like `timedelta` which have **seconds** and **days** attributes but the seconds can only hold 
 ## 04-06. collections  
 - `defaultdict` is pretty cool. Initialise it with an additional parameter to be used as the default type so it can be initialised automatically (see the additional `__missing__()` function that they have). Otherwise it's just the same as a normal `dict`. Nb that this **doesn't** mean that the values in the `defaultdict` all have to be the same type.
 - `Counter.most_common()` is pretty helpful. Have a look at `help(Counter)` for more examples. I also noticed from one of Bob's examples that `Counter` seems to work a bit like a `defaultdict` in that he used `cnt[director] += len(movies)` and it didn't throw a **KeyError** when **director** wasn't in `cnt` it just added it.
 - `ChainMap` was pretty cool. Basic usage seems to be to provide a list of mappings (for a definition of what is meant by `mappings` look here: [**python definition of mapping**](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-mapping)) where items are retrieved based on a left to right priority. Nb that only the first (leftmost) mapping can be updated. So - you can add or update values in the first mapping and it will add or update that key to take precedence. E.g. `my_mapping['colour'] = 'red'` however if you tried to **delete** a mapping `del my_mapping['red']` you will get a KeyError if that mapping does not exist in the first mapping. You can also make child maps to effectively add another level of default.
 - Had a good play with the movie data database. Nb that I had forgotten that there was an oddity with the movie_title that had \xa0 at the end. I found out that this is actually a non-breaking space character and so I got rid of it using `str.rstrip()` Afterwards I noticed that the example provided in the notebook did address this and got rid of it using `str.replace()` I prefer my solution as I consider it whitespace!
 - Downloaded some data from kaggle to play with
 - Some nice datasets here: [awesome python datasets](https://github.com/awesomedata/awesome-public-datasets/blob/master/README.rst#software)
 ## 07-09. datastructures  
 - Straightforward but interesting use of chain.from_iterables to flatten a list of lists. Also the more obscure `sum(cars.values(), [])`
 - I hadn't really used `max()` before with - nb how it can take an **iterable** and you can specify a `key=func` which is used to derive the value for the ordering, in this case we used `max`. Also we were able to pass either a list or a dict to the `get_longest_state()` function and it worked fine with either - no type checking required.
 ## 10-12. pytest.  
 - Some great examples of simple games and how to test them. Need to go back and look at this more carefully.
 - I quite like the way Bob used `num_guesses == 1 and "guess" or "guesses"` to decide whether the text should be **guess** or **guesses**
 - Nb I had a lot of trouble in one of my attempted examples to mock `datetime.datetime`. I believe you can't just mock it out globally, mainly because `datetime.datetime` is written in `C` so Mock can't replace attributes on the class. [the docs](https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.mock-examples.html#partial-mocking) has a section on Partial Mocking which talks about this. The solution I believe is to create a **mock** object in the module under test. I should go back and play with this more. In the end I abandoned my example due to time constraints.
 - Further to the above, there was a useful PyBites post on the subject: [freezegun](https://pybit.es/guest-freezegun.html) which also has some other helpful links
 - For the coverage, first run `pytest` then run `pytest --cov-report term-missing --cov=.`   **Run from inside the directory**

 